feat: add `filter_by` method to the `ArgillaTrainer` (#4120)
recognai/rubrix: docs/_source/practical_guides/fine_tune.md

| for_direct_preference_optimization | `prompt-chosen-rejected`     | `Union[Tuple[str, str, str], Iterator[Tuple[str, str, str]]]`          | ✗      |
| for_chat_completion                | `chat-turn-role-content`     | `Union[Tuple[str, str, str, str], Iterator[Tuple[str, str, str, str]]]`| ✗      |

#### Filter and Sort datasets for training

Say you want to filter a part or your dataset, keep only the submitted records, or maybe sort by date to train on the latest additions to your dataset only. You can do it easily from the `ArgillaTrainer` by using the `filter_by` and `sort_by` methods:

```python
from argilla import SortBy

trainer = ArgillaTrainer(
    dataset=dataset,
    task=task,
    framework="setfit",
    filter_by={"response_status": ["submitted"]},
    sort_by=[SortBy(field="metadata.my-metadata", order="asc")],
)
```

:::{note}

> You can take a look at [filter and query datasets](./filter_dataset.md) page in the docs to learn more about how to filter and sort datasets.

Reviewer: can you make this a relative path from roots?
```suggestion
You can take a look at [filter and query datasets](/practical_guides/fine_tune.md) page in the docs to learn more about how to filter and sort datasets.
```
